pyplot module is used to draw charts and graphs
subplots is used to plot many lines onto a sign chart
fig is used to contain the entire landscape of the program
ax is used to store only one plot (line on chart)
.plot() method is used to actually plot the line onto a chart
.show() method is used to display the plotted line on a chart

.plot() takes linewidth param which adjusts the thickness of the line
.set_title() method is used to set the title for the chart or graph
.set_xlabel() and .set_ylabel is used to label the x and y axis
fontsize parameters in set methods is used to adjust the size of the fontsize
.tick_params() method is used to adjust the size of marks on x and y axis
.tick_params() also takes param of labelsize which adjusts the size of ticks

When you give plot() a sequence of numbers, it assumes the first data
point corresponds to an x-coordinate value of 0, but our first point corre­
sponds to an x-value of 1. We can override the default behavior by giving
plot() the input and output values used to calculate the squares.
the first param in plot method corresponds to x-axis, and second param is y-axis 

plt.style.available is used to provide a list of predefined colors for graphs.

plt.style.use('predefined_color'). this method is used to color the graph and 
plot of the graph, the param is a string that takes in an argument from the list
that we get from plt.style.available

.scatter(x,y) method is used to plot points onto a graph, it takes two param 
first param is on x-axis and second param is on y-axis. 
we can use s=200 as a param to represents the size of the point on the graph

When these lists are passed to scatter(), Matplotlib reads one value from each 
list as it plots each point. The points to be plotted are (1, 1), (2, 4), (3, 9)
, (4, 16), and (5, 25)
For large data set use a smaller point size.

we use the axis() method to specify the range of each axis. The axis() method 
requires four values: the minimum and maximum values for the x-axis and the 
y-axis.

To change the color of the points, pass c to scatter() with the name of a
color to use in quotation marks.

You can also define custom colors using the RGB color model. To define
a color, pass the c argument a tuple with three decimal values (one each
for red, green, and blue in that order), using values between 0 and 1.

A colormap is a series of colors in a gradient that moves from a starting to
an ending color. You use colormaps in visualizations to emphasize a pattern
in the data. For example, you might make low values a light color and high
values a darker color.
to use colormap code is used like this: ax.scatter(cmap=plt.cm.Blues) param

If you want your program to automatically save the plot to a file, you can
replace the call to plt.show() with a call to plt.savefig()

code: plt.savefig('squares_plot.png', bbox_inches='tight')

The first argument is a filename for the plot image, which will be saved
in the same directory as scatter_squares.py. The second argument trims extra
whitespace from the plot. If you want the extra whitespace around the plot,
just omit this argument.

To modify the axes, we use the ax.get_xaxis() and ax.get_yaxis() methods to
set the visibility of each axis to False.
.set_visible() method is used to display visibility of axis, if False is
passed as an argument then the axis is not displayed only the graph.

When creating the plot, you can pass a figsize argument to set the size
of the figure. The figsize parameter takes a tuple, which tells Matplotlib the
dimensions of the plotting window in inches.
Matplotlib assumes that your screen resolution is 100 pixels per inch

if you know your system’s resolution, pass plt.subplots() the
resolution using the dpi parameter to set a plot size that makes effective use
of the space available on your screen